
_________________________

Use Case: Join game
Description: Describes the steps of a human player joining a match.
External Actors: player, game system
Related Use Cases: Add AI Player
Precondition: Pre existing game lobby must exist, along with the host/game creator
Triggering Event: player requests to join the match.
1. Player requests to join the match.
2. Game system verifies that adding the human player won't exceed the maximum number of players allowed in a match.
3. Game system adds the requesting player to the list of players in the match.
Resulting events: A new player is added to the match.
Post condition: Game system waiting for request from player(s).
Alternatives:
	-If adding the AI player exceeds the maximum number of players allowed in a match, the request is denied.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Case: Add AI Player
Description: Describes the steps of adding an AI Player to the match.
External Actors: player, game system
Related Use Cases: Add human player
Precondition: Players in lobby, game system waiting for request from player(s).
Triggering Event: player requests to add an AI to the match
1. player requests to add an AI player to the match
2. Game system asks player which strategy the AI should use. Player selects a strategy.
3. Game system verifies that adding the AI player won't exceed the maximum number of players allowed in a match.
4. Game system adds the corresponding AI player to the list of players in the match.
Resulting events: An AI player is added to the match.
Post condition: Game system waiting for request from player(s).
Alternatives:
	-If adding the AI player exceeds the maximum number of players allowed in a match, the request is denied.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Case: Start game
Description: Describes the steps of starting a new Quest game.
External Actors: players, game system
Related use cases:
Precondition: Players in lobby and ready, game system waiting for request from host player.
Triggering Event: Game host requests to start a new Quest match.
1. Host player requests to start a new Quest match.
2. Game system verifies that there is a sufficient number of participating players in the lobby.
3. Game system creates and runs a new game.
4. Game system shuffles the deck of cards(**not sure, in OnStartGame, shuffleDecks is false**) and deals each player 12 cards.
Resulting events: A new match is created and participating players are dealt 12 cards each.
Post condition: The match begins and players start drawing the story cards.
Alternatives:

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Case: Create game
Description: Describes the steps of creating a new game room for players to join.
External Actors: player, game system
Related use cases:
Precondition: Game system is waiting for requests from player.
Triggering Event: Player requests to host a new game room.
1. Player requests to host a new game.
2. Game system creates a new game lobby and adds the requesting player to it.
3. Player becomes the lobby host and is added to the list of players.
4. Player waits for other players to join the lobby.
Resulting events: The host of the lobby now waits for other players to join the lobby.
Post Condition: A new game lobby is created.
Alternatives:
	-Player selects a pre set game scenario from a list of scenarios and requests to create a game in that state.
		-Player is loaded into the pre set game state according to the scenario he selected.
		-A Quest match begins in that scenario state. The game continues to follow a "script" until a certain point is reached
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Case: Round end
Description: Describes the steps of a player ending their turn.
External Actors: player, game system
Related use cases: 
Precondition: Quest or tournament has been completed.
Triggering Event: Current player (player that drew the story card) ends his turn.
1. Player ends their turn, resolving the current story card.
2. Game system verifies that the number of cards the player is holding is not over the limit.
3. Game system ends the current players turn. All participating players are rewarded accordingly.
4. Game system verifies that none of the players is of rank Knight Of The Round Table.
5. Game system proceeds to the next player's turn.
Resulting Events: The current quest/tournament is resolved and the next player's turn begins.
Post Condition: The next story card is drawn.
Alternatives:
	-If a player ends their turn while their number of cards in hand is over the limit, they will be prompted to play or discard cards.
	-If a player is promoted to a Knight Of The Round Table after the quest/tournament, he wins the game.
	
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Case: Play cards (and confirm cards)
Description: Describes the steps of a player playing their cards for a quest or tournament phase.
External actors: player, game system
Related Use cases: Round end
Precondition: Ongoing quest/tournament. Participants have either just started the quest/tournament or moved on to the next stage.
Triggering Event: Player is deciding on the cards he wants to play for the current phase.
1. Player selects cards from his hand that he wishes to use in the current phase.
2. Game system verifies that the selected cards are currently playable.
3. Game system verifies that the number of cards in the player's hand is not over the limit.
4. Game system uses the selected cards for the current phase. The selected cards are moved from the hand to the board.
5. Player ends turn for the current phase and waits for the rest of the participating players to select their cards.
Resulting Events: The other players select their cards and the current quest/tournament phase is resolved. Winning players are rewarded accordingly.
Post Condition: The next quest/tournament phase begins and winning players select which cards to play for that phase.
Alternatives:
	-If a player ends their turn while their number of cards in hand is over the limit, they will be prompted to play or discard cards until under the limit.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Case: Play cards stage (and confirm cards stage)
Description: Describes the steps of a quest sponsoring player selecting the cards to use for the quest stages.
External Actors: Sponsor player, game system
Related Use cases: Play cards
Precondition: A story card has just been resolved, the next story card has not yet been drawn.
Triggering Event: A Quest card was drawn from the Story deck and a player decides to sponsor it.
1. Sponsor player selects cards from his hand that he wishes to use for setting up a stage of a quest.
2. Game system verifies that the selected cards are usable in the quest stage.
3. **Game system verifies that the number of cards in the player's hand is not over the limit.
4. Game system uses the selected cards for the current phase. The selected cards are moved from the hand to the board.
5. Game system repeats the last four steps until each stage is properly set up.
6. Game system invites other players to join the quest. Game system starts the quest once all players have responded to the invitation.
Resulting Events: The quest is properly set up. Players may choose to participate or not.
Post Condition: The quest begins.
Alternatives:
	-If no one joins the quest, the quest is resolved and the sponsor draws a number of cards equal to the number used to set up the quest.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Case: Discard
Description: Describes the steps of a player discarding card.
External Actors: Discarding player, game system
Related Use Cases:
Precondition: Player draws one or more cards
Triggering Event: Player's number of cards in hand is over the limit.
1. Player selects cards from his hand to discard.
2. Game system moves the selected cards from hand to discard pile.
3. Game system verifies that the number of cards in the player's hand is not over the limit.
Resulting Events: Player now has 12 or less cards in their hand.
Post Condition: The match resumes(?).
Alternatives:
	-If the player still has over 12 cards after discarding, he will be prompted to discard more cards.
	
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Case: Participation response
Description: Describes the steps of a player responding to a quest or tournament invitation.
Exteranal actors: player, game system
Related use cases: Quest sponsorship response
Precondition: Quest or tournament card has been drawn. Sponsor for quest has been chosen.
Triggering event: Game system sends an invitation to a non-sponsor player.
1. Game system sends an invitation to the player and waits for their response.
2. Player chooses to participate and is dealt an adventure card by the game system.
3. Player waits for the other players to respond to the invitation.
Resulting Events: The tournament begins or the quest sponsor begins setting up the quest.
Post condition: All players have sent a response and the accepting players are added to the list of participants for the current story.
Alternatives:
	-The player does not choose to participate and is not dealt any adventure cards.
	
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Case: Quest sponsor response
Description: Describes the steps of a player responding to a quest sponsor request.
External actors: player, game system
Related use cases: Participation response
Precondition: Quest card has just been drawn, sponsor has not yet been chosen.
Triggering event: Game system asks player to sponsor the quest.
1. Game system sends an invitation to the player and waits for their response.
2. Player chooses to sponsor the quest and is set as the quest's sponsor.
3. Other players are notified that the quest has been sponsored.
4. Game system begins requesting quest participation from the other players.
Resulting Events: Other players receive an invitation to joi the quest.
Post Condition: Sponsor waits for the other players to respond to the quest invitation.
Alternatives:
	-If the player does not choose to sponsor, the next available player receives a request to sponsor.
	-If no player sponsors, the quest is abandoned and the next story card is drawn.
	
_________________________________________





















